Deceptive behavior
Corresponds to notification IDs: Red Nickel, Red Potassium, and Red Silicon

The intent of this policy is to prevent extensions from deceiving or misleading the users.

Common reasons for removal/rejection
The extension does not provide the functionality described in the metadata1.
The extension provides different functionality than what is described in the metadata1.
The extension performs actions not mentioned in the metadata1.
The extension impersonates another entity2.
The extension copies or is copied from another entity2.
The extension pretends to be authorized by another entity2.
1 Metadata means the title, icon, description, screenshots, and other developer-provided information specified in the developer dashboard.

2 An entity here means any company, organization, or extension.

How can you rectify this?
Ensure the functionality promised by your extension is working as intended.
Clearly state the functionality of your extension in the metadata.
Do not perform actions not mentioned in the metadata.
Do not pretend to be another entity.
Do not copy another extension. You may offer the same functionality as another extension but do not copy from other extensions.
Do not pretend that your extension was endorsed, authorized or produced by another entity.
Relevant policy
This section addresses extensions that are in violation of the following section of the Chrome Web Store developer program policies:

Content Policies
Impersonation or Deceptive Behavior:
Don't pretend to be someone else, and don't represent that your product is authorized by, endorsed by, or produced by another company or organization, if that is not the case.
Developers should not divert users or provide links to any other site that mimics the Chrome Web Store or passes itself off as the Chrome Web Store. Your Product and its user experience also must not mimic functionality or warnings from a user's operating system or browser.
Any changes to device settings must be made with the user's knowledge and consent and be easily reversible by the user.
We do not allow products that deceive or mislead users, including in the content, title, description, or screenshots.
Don't misrepresent the functionality of your product or include non-obvious functionality that doesn't serve the primary purpose of the product. Descriptions of your product must directly state the functionality so that users have a clear understanding of the product they are adding. For example, products should not contain:
Claimed functionalities that are not possible to implement (e.g. "Who has viewed your social media account") or which are not directly provided by the extension (e.g. file converters which only link to other file conversion services)
Any metadata that misrepresents the extension's or developer's current status or performance on the Chrome Web Store (e.g. "Editor's Choice" or "Number One")
If your product has a blank description field or is missing an icon or screenshots, it will be rejected. If any of your product's content, title, icon, description, or screenshots contains false or misleading information, we may remove it.