Chrome Web Store
 
Hi there,

We regret to inform you that the most recent submission of your item was rejected. Please find the details below.


Item name: Deal Scout — AI Deal Scorer

Item ID: mbkhagpggkmefaompfjkbbnbmmameapk.

Violation(s):

Use of Permissions:

Violation reference ID: Purple Potassium
Violation:
Requesting but not using the following permission(s):
notifications
clipboardWrite
How to rectify: Perform a full review of your extension's permissions:
Remove the unused permission(s) listed above from your manifest file.
Audit all other permissions requested by your item. Ensure every permission is actively used and necessary for your item's functionality.
Relevant section of the program policy:
Request access to the narrowest permissions necessary to implement your Product's features or services. Don't attempt to "future proof" your Product by requesting a permission that might benefit services or features that have not yet been implemented. (learn more)


This violation was detected as a result of an internal review. Learn more about enforcement here.

Do you believe this was a mistake?

If you believe that this decision was made in error, you may submit an appeal using this form.

If you are located in the EU, you can also learn about additional redress options that may be available to you here.

Routing ID: FZSL


We value developer contributions to the Chrome Web Store, and look forward to helping you bring your item into compliance with our policies.

Thanks,

Chrome Web Store Developer Support

------------------------------------------------------
Developer Terms of Service
Program Policies
Branding Guidelines

 
 
 
 
Google
© 2026 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 , USA
Email Preferences: You have received this mandatory email service announcement to update you about important changes to your Chrome Web Store developer account.
The English language version of the Developer Program Policies will control and translations, if any, are non-binding and for reference only.